RL Scenario

THe RL loop I will be discussing is for Tobin Corporation, the premier seller of sports shoes in the country.

The agent is a marketing strategy based that is responsible for making advertising decisions.

The action space is the possible advertising actions that the agent can take.
For example, the agent can choose to advertise on TV, advertise on the radio, distribute flyers, or not advertise.

The state represents the current enviroments characteristics, which the agent then uses to make decision.
There are countless factors to be taken into consideration, but I will list a few.
-Historical advertising data based on past campaigns and their results. (If Markovian is the goal, then this will inherently just be "trained")
-Market condititions, such as economic volatitility
-Performance of other competitors such as Nike or Adidas
-Consumer demographics and behavior
-Advertising budget
We would have to choose a set of quantifiable factors to make an acceptable "state" to properly represent the environment.

The reward is complex and difficult in the area of marketing. In a RL application, it can be difficult to understand the timing of rewards.
This can be especially true in marketing, as the gains from advertising campaigns take time to realize.
The immediate reward could be given based on an increase in sales, and we could implement long term rewards using common marketing statistics, such as customer life cycle and ROI.


We would design this loop so that the agent would continuously attempt new campaigns to sell Tobin Corp. shoes.
It would use the "state" that we have defined, then based of that, provide an output on what advertising campaigns we should run.
Based on customer feedback and other statistics talked about above, we would then reward the agent, either positively or negatively.
After this process, it would repeat the process of analyzing its state and then take an action, outputting a campaign strategy. 

Some of the challenges with defining these are the inherent ambiguity of marketing, the reward design, and the idea of exploration/exploitation.

Do we want to design our agent to explore new techniques in advertising or do we want it to use more common and reliable techniques?
This is all dependant on how risk-averse we want this RL loop.

